there is nothing worse than testing a
bunch of ads and still having no results
maybe you can relate I'm Silvio Perez
and in today's video I'm going to teach
you my three-part testing framework for
getting B2B creatives to convert now if
you find yourself in this situation
where you have been testing a lot of ads
and you don't have the results to show
for it it's usually because you're
prioritizing the quantity of tests
versus the quality of tests really
emphasizing the things within the ad
that creates it that's actually going to
drive the greatest difference for you so
with that let's get into the video now
the three-part framework is called the
three C's and the three C's stand for
concept copy and color and that is the
order of operations that I recommend you
prioritize when putting together your
creative test so you first start with
the concept dialing that in and testing
that then the copy of the ad and then
finally the color if it's applicable
depending on the type of AD you're
testing most B2B marketers where they go
wrong is they start with color or copy
when B2B copy is usually one to two
sentences long it doesn't really drive
the needle and then they start with
color because that's what they read in
some random marketing blog where they're
testing blue image ad versus a red image
ad and it doesn't really move the needle
so let's go ahead and dive in a little
bit more on each one of these points so
you can really Master it so when I talk
about testing different concepts first
what I'm referring to is the overall
look and feel of your ads the style of
your ads the design concept you really
want to dial that in first ideally
you're going to want to test three to
five variations make sure you know what
concept resonates with your target
audience then move on to copy then move
on to color now I want to emphasize
something here when I say you want to
test different concepts I mean radically
different concepts so most B2B marketers
they get complacent way too soon where
they're following the same style and
concept of AD and they don't switch it
up so maybe for you you're using prod
product mock-ups and that's the type of
concept you're using so you have these
image ads and all those image ads have
some sort of screenshot of your product
in it and you just have different
variations of those image ads that
you're testing with different
screenshots that's one Concept in my
mind you're going to want to test
radically different concepts so a
product mock-up based image ad versus a
meme versus a testimonial completely
different concepts you want to start
there first so you can push yourself
creatively and really see what's
resonating with your target audience if
you're just testing this one concept and
you're testing different variations of
that one concept it's marginally
different where it's not going to really
drive a dramatic difference in terms of
your target audience unless you already
know that that concept resonate with
your target audience and then you can
push and start to do these micro
optimizations from there but if you were
to just take one thing from this video
and push yourself creatively to start
testing different concepts I can almost
guarantee you're going to have better
creative performance because you're
going to actually think outside the box
you're going to start to build your
swipe file for inspiration to see other
styles out there and then you're going
to start to test these things into your
marketing into your advertising to see
what actually resonates examples are
usually the best teacher and I really
want to make sure that you understand
what I'm talking about when I say test
different Design Concepts first with
your ads to really drive better creative
performance so I actually pulled in some
examples here from my swipe file that I
want to share with you of different
concepts so this first one here is from
Deep gram and this is a meme concept so
you can see the meme here is amorphous
this is when he's offering the red pill
the blue pill if you've never seen The
Matrix and he's saying what if I told
you you can transcribe and understand
audio with one API totally possible and
not just in the Matrix I love this ad
super witty copy and this fits perfectly
with deep grams value proposition which
is their speech to text software that
can enable this so this is an example of
one concept so if deepgram is testing
different concepts and they figure out
hey memes perform really well for us and
they wanted to lean into that now they
can test different meme images so for
example instead of Morpheus what if they
try to meme image of
Keanu Reeves Neo from The Matrix right
like diving more into memes and split
testing different meme images but this
is all just one concept so ideally when
you're first starting off you're trying
three different concepts that are
radically different let's go through
another example of a concept so this one
here is mixpanel and this is an example
of a product mock-up concept this is
very common in B2B SAS you see a lot of
a lot of ads that feature the the
product in it but essentially a mock-up
concept actually has a visual of the
product itself in the ad so this is a
pretty standard
um concept that's fairly overused in B2B
it definitely has its purpose and its
place especially for retargeting when
you're going after people that already
kind of know like and trust you and you
want to drive free trials things like
that this is where it can be really good
but definitely a concept that is tried
and true and and worth testing so this
is a product mock-up concept so for
example if they wanted to expand further
into this maybe they realize hey this
works really well when we show visuals
of our product maybe they can create
different mock-up creatives featuring
different areas of the product that they
want to highlight or specific use cases
or they could animate this creative of a
mock-up now the mock-up moves and it
becomes a visual thing like a gif or
maybe they turn into a video where they
show different features of the sections
within the product you can kind of see
where I'm going with this but it starts
with the concept the next thing here is
a before and after concept I love this
ad from Walnut and this one here is
showing before Walnut with this little
cat with a little lion costume and then
after Walnut you're a big lion nice and
strong right supercharged and it says
your product demo so it fits in with
walnuts value proposition which is all
around helping you improve your demo
process so you can see this is a before
and after so if they notice that this
works well for them they can lean in on
this concept which they actually do if
you ever check out walnuts ads they have
like a version with a croissant they
have all kinds of different plays on
this concept further testing different
iterations and then last but not least
this is a New Concept that I see that's
starting to pop up more and more now
with like the rise of AI is zinc tree uh
shout out to Grant if you're watching
this video from zingtree he's a good
friend and this is an example of AI
generated content so using AI they
created this image of these rock stars
and this fits in perfectly with zinc
tree's value proposition around making
customer agents better enabling them
through the zinc tree platform so this
is an example of a different concept so
if they find hey this AI generated image
Concepts work really well for us let's
play on that let's test different
iterations of of images with AI
generated content and then they can
further go into the rabbit hole of
testing copy and then eventually color
if it's applicable so maybe this copy
this concept works really well now they
can test the same exact image but blue
versus yellow versus green Etc but after
they've gone to this iterative process
so I hope this really dials in the point
I'm trying to make around testing
radically different concepts first now
that you dialed in a winning concept for
your ad let's get into copy testing so
when it comes to testing copy you have a
lot of things at your disposal first
thing is your angle of your message what
are you speaking to it could be a
specific pain point a specific benefit a
use case it all depends on who you're
speaking to what you're speaking about
and obviously what are you offering but
testing different angles within your
copy and seeing what resonates with your
target audience the next thing that you
can test is different hooks what are the
hooks that are working with your
audience maybe that's a controversial
based hook maybe that is a you know how
to based hook maybe you know this is
where different hook templates can be
really helpful if you're not sure where
to start and just kind of piggybacking
on proven things like how to do X
without Z things like this is a good
starting place and then from there
another thing you can test is the length
of copy so sure form versus long form
and seeing does that actually have an
impact on your you know click-through
rate and your conversion rates or your
engagement depending on the type of AD
they're you're producing and then
finally you can also test in your copy
the formatting of the message so is it
skimmable are you using emojis are you
capitalizing letters that you want to
draw attention to are you using periods
strategically are using exclamation
marks like punctuation and all these
different things that you can do to make
the formatting of your message more
digestible and more impactful when it
comes to testing your messaging and
improving your copywriting I'm going to
share with you three tools really fast
that really help me and that are part of
my workflow when I write ads now the
first one is called the Hemingway app
and you can find this at the
hemingwayapp.com and this tool is
incredible I use it all the time and it
really allows you just improve the
formatting of your message to remove
adverbs less than passive voice and
really just make your message more
succinct and comprehendable so what it
does is it analyzes the text that you
input here and it gives you a grade of
the reading comprehension now as far as
what is an acceptable grade everyone has
a difference of opinion for me I try to
keep it as a grade of a four and under
especially when I'm writing ads because
the time for comprehension is a lot less
versus like if it's an organic post
people are a little bit more invested
so one thing I want to note is do not
live and die by this score just use it
as a reference point think of this as
tool as one more data point in your
toolkit so what you do is you just
remove the default text and you paste in
the copy that you want it to analyze so
I'm going to put in this headline for
this video how to test B2B creatives
that convert and you can see I have a
grade of four I'm not using any adverbs
I don't have any passive voice
everything here looks great but if I
have a technical audience that I'm
speaking to and I want to use technical
speak to better call out the person that
I'm trying to talk to then by default my
grade will increase so for example how
to test B2B creatives that convert into
pipeline pipeline is a technical word my
score automatically jumps to a six which
again this is why I'm saying like don't
live and die by the grade but just use
it as a reference but this tool is
really great at helping you improve the
formatting and the readability of your
message
and more so than anything dumbing down
your language especially for us B2B
marketers we have a tendency to over
complicate our messaging and remember
that the confused customer never buys so
be clear it's much better than being
clever the second tool I highly
recommend that you Leverage is called
the headline analyzer by monster
insights so if you go to Monster
insights.com forward slash headline Dash
analyzer you can just drop in your
headline here and this is another tool
that I like to reference just to give me
another data point in terms of how can I
improve this message and the copy so you
can see here it gives you a score for
the best results they recommend 70 and
above to be honest I don't really give a
about the score too much uh for you know
generally speaking I try to follow the
recommendations and keep it at 70 and
above but again you know your audience
as far as technical speak that's always
going to ding your score but what I
really like to use this tool for is what
the can be improved section here so I
love how they always come out they call
out like the goal here of percentages of
the the types of words that you're using
for me personally I have to always
remind myself to try to leverage power
words or emotional words in my copy
because I have a tendency to forget that
so this tool reminds me to leverage
emotional words and power words to
improve my message so for example how to
test B2B creatives that convert convert
is a power word uh you know if I just
switch convert to like that performs
better performs better is not as
powerful there's there's less emotion
and oomph for lack of a better word
around it versus convert it's you know
it's strong it's potent another tool too
that I really recommend that you
Leverage is called thesaurus dot plus
you could also just use thesource.com
but every time I have a word that I'm
like okay how can I say this word in a
better way so for example going back
here to the power and the emotion words
maybe originally I said better right
using that as an example I can search
better here in thesaurus plus and it's
going to give me a list of all these
different synonyms that I could use so
like instead of saying better I could
say surpass surpass is a more powerful
word I could say exceed Excel beat is an
emotional word so these are all
different tools that I like to leverage
to help me improve my process and my
workflow when I'm writing ad creative
and copy I hope you're finding this
video valuable so far if you wanted more
B2B advertising content then go ahead
and check out adconversion.com and
subscribe to the newsletter we're gonna
get sent two to three actionable tips
every single week with that let's get
back into the video the final C in the
three C's framework stands for color now
that you've dialed in your concept you
dialed in your copy now we can start to
talk about testing different colors of
our ads we just don't want to start
there because it's not going to drive
the most immediate impact at least from
what I've seen in my experience testing
different video be creators for
different organizations so when it comes
to testing color for your ad of course
this is circumstantial right if you're
using video creative this doesn't make
sense to you and again if you just do
concept and you just do copy and you
never test color you're still going to
be better off than like 90 of B2B
advertisers because they're not doing
any of this so when it comes to testing
color the one thing I can tell you that
I actually have seen work is testing a
light version of your ad and a dark
version of your ad and seeing work what
works better in terms of anything else
around you know if blue Works versus
better than green versus red to be
honest I haven't seen anything
statistically significant across the
board across different Industries to be
able to say it as a blanket General
recommendation on a YouTube video you
can try these different things you can
test them but the only thing that I've
seen that's actually made a real
difference consistently is testing a
light version and a dark version of your
creative and seeing what works so that
is what I would recommend that you do as
well hope this video was valuable I just
want to say that creative testing should
be a fun process personally it's one of
my favorite things about advertising and
marketing this is where you can let your
creative juices run wild so to speak and
really building that swipe file is going
to be essential so that you have
inspiration that you can lean on so when
you're thinking through different Design
Concepts different messaging angles
hooks all these different things that
you can do and test for your own ads
this is where you can lean on others and
different Industries as a source of
inspiration for yourself so with that if
you can give this video a thumbs up
that'll help me out a ton if you like
content like this then be sure to
subscribe to be notified of future
videos and if you want more B2B
advertising content then again go to
adconversion.com And subscribe to the
newsletter we're gonna get sent two to
three actionable tips every single week
thanks again for watching I'll see you
in the next one take care